## Hanover College Emergency Action Plan 
### Main Features
When visiting a new area we dont always know the emergency action plan (EAP) for the venue. This has become a problem for the athletic training team at hanover college. They have asked me to create an easily accessable web app that Hanover College natives and visitors can use to navigate through an emergency.

Once the app is open you will be on the home page at the bottom you will be able to locate all emergency policies for Hanover College. If it is an immediate emergency an activate EMS button will be fixed to the bottom of the screen. This will call EMS and lead you to information that can guide you through the emergency for the location you select at the top of the screen. If you choose not to activate EMS immediatley you will select a desired location. Once a location is selected you will see a few links seperated by boxes. One side is for Medical emergencies and the other is for other types. Once an emergency is selected you will be met with lists of actions and questions to follow the correct steps to navigate the situation. If you decide it is an emergency and EMS needs activated you can hit the activate EMS button from the locations pages. All the location information will be automatically loaded for you to read to EMS. All EAP data will be stored in markdown files and can be edited and changed as EAPS change. 

### Similar Software 
There are many different applications that can give you your GPS location and show you information on where you are located. Google maps does this showing you nearby attractions, gas stations, stores, or almost anything else you may be looking for. What apps like this lack is how to react according to EAP's for specific areas. There are apps that are alert systems for emergencies or you can even call emergency services if it is severe enough. What Im looking for is something that can provide all of these uses into one easy to navigate app that everyone can access. I want this app to know what location you are at so it can guide you as best and quickly as possible to navigate through any emergency if needed. You can pick from a list of close by locations and it can quickly provide you with the best possible actions.

### Initial Mobile App Framework Choice
Im looking for this app to be able to be used on both IOS and Android. React Native is a framework that can use one code base for multiple different platforms. I am already familiar with React and JavaScript so this will allow me to have more time creating and planning out the app rather than spendin time trying to learn a new framework. React Native has a very helpful documentation page as well as multiple free tutorials to help get me started. There are also many built-in Core Components that are ready to be used. Compared to Flutter I think React Native has more libriaries and better components that I am familiar with. I have experience with the languages Cordova uses but I will still have to do some learning on the framework. With my prior experience with React it is the better framework for me to use for creating this app. After discussing with the athletic trraining department making this application a mobile has ine major downfall. It wont be as accessible as a webapp. Itll be difficult to get visiting teams and orginizations to download and app. So using scannable QR codes to take you straight to a webpage is much easier. This is the main reason iim switching over to making it a webapp. 

### Web App Framework Choice
Ive looked into using React or Angular to build this web app. Ive chosen to use React because im more comfortable with it. The React frameworks I researched were Next.js and Remix. Looking at the documentation and tutorials Next.js is going to be easier for me to learn and understand. Since my application is going to be simple and need to run fast Next.js will work better. I dont need the customization that Remix has to offer. I need my app to be straight forward and run smoothly which Next.js will be able to help me achieve this goal better than Remix. The Next.js team created Vercel which is their recomended app to use for deployment. I will be using Vercel to deploy my app it will be free for me and should connect seamlesly with Next.js.